# jQuery-PlainContent

Converting HTML (mostly generated by contenteditable fields) into plain, formatted text.

What this means is:

 - Plain: No HTML tags.
 - Formatted: Line breaks and spacing match what you see on screen.

## Usage

Get the contents of a html element as plain, formatted text:

    var content = $('#someElement').plainContent();

Same, but without removing the HTML elements with the class 'keep':

    var content = $('#someElement').plainContent({'keep': '.keep'});

Set the contents of a html element from plain, formatted text:

    $('#someElement').plainContent(content);

This tries to emulate pasting the contents as closely as possible. This means the resulting HTML is generated by the browser, in the same way as it would have generated it if we would've pasted the contents in manually.

One exception to this is HTML elements present in the contents. Normally when pasting code in these would be escaped, but this is not the case when setting the contents with plainContent. This is indentional, as this allows you to do something like this to do stuff with the plaintext contents, while preserving certain HTML elements.

    var content = $('#someElement').plainContent({'keep': '.keep'});
    // do stuff.
    $('#someElement').plainContent(content);

## Bugs

If you find any bugs, please report them with the following information:

 - A piece of text which, when pasted into a contenteditable html element, reproduces the bug.
 - The browser + version in which the issue occurs.
 - Any other information/steps required to reproduce the problem.

Please remember, if I can't reproduce the problem I can't fix it, so don't leave out any important information.
